add cookbook running the analysis (#29)
RMI-PACTA/pacta.loanbook: vignettes/cookbook_running_the_analysis.Rmd

```

## Import data

We need two datasets to begin: a [loanbook](cookbook_preparatory_steps.html#raw-loan-book) and an [asset-based company dataset (abcd)](cookbook_preparatory_steps.html#asset-based-company-data-abcd).

To simulate having these data files prepared, we will use the demo data included in the `{r2dii.data}` package to create example XLS files using the `{writexl}` package.

```{r}
library(writexl)

writexl::write_xlsx(
  x = r2dii.data::loanbook_demo,
  path = file.path(tempdir(), "loanbook.xlsx")
)

writexl::write_xlsx(
  x = r2dii.data::abcd_demo,
  path = file.path(tempdir(), "abcd.xlsx")
)
```

Typically, these data files are stored in XLS files on your computer. As an example, they could be imported as in the code below using the `{readxl}` package, however, if you use custom data that does not strictly follow the format as defined in [the previous section](cookbook_preparatory_steps.html), you may need to adjust the import code and/or do some data manipulation in R after importing.

```{r}
loanbook <- readxl::read_excel(path = file.path(tempdir(), "loanbook.xlsx"))

loanbook

abcd <- readxl::read_excel(path = file.path(tempdir(), "abcd.xlsx"))

abcd
```

> ## Score the goodness of the match between the loanbook and abcd datasets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Score the match precision between the loanbook and abcd datasets
```

Maybe better than goodness?

    data = prioritized_matches,
    abcd = abcd,
    scenario = scenario,
    region_isos = regions
  )

market_share_targets_portfolio
```

Or at the company level: 

```{r market-share-targets-company}
market_share_targets_company <-
  target_market_share(
    data = prioritized_matches,
    abcd = abcd,
    scenario = scenario,
    region_isos = regions,
    by_company = TRUE # Output results at company-level
  )

market_share_targets_company
```

### Sectoral Decarbonization Approach

The [Sectoral Decarbonization Approach](https://rmi-pacta.github.io/r2dii.analysis/articles/target-sda.html) is used to calculate scenario targets for the `emission_factor` of a sector. For example, you can use this approach to set targets for the average emission factor of the cement sector. This approach is recommended for sectors lacking technology roadmaps.

```{r sda-targets}
# Use this dataset to practice but eventually you should use your own data.
co2 <- r2dii.data::co2_intensity_scenario_demo

sda_targets <-
  target_sda(
    data = prioritized_matches,
    abcd = abcd,
    co2_intensity_scenario = co2,
    region_isos = regions
  ) %>% 
  filter(sector == "cement", year >= 2020)

> sda_targets

Reviewer: Please add links at the bottom to navigate previous and next chapters:
PREVIOUS CHAPTER: [Running the Analysis](link)

NEXT CHAPTER: [Interpretation of Results](link)

Author: done
